# # OAuthToken

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**code** | **string** | The authorization code sent by Rainbow authentication server from the GET /api/rainbow/authentication/v1.0/oauth/authorize endpoint. &lt;br/&gt; &lt;b&gt;Mandatory&lt;/b&gt; to exchange an authorization code against an access token. &lt;br/&gt; Note that once it has been used, the authorization code is revoked. &lt;br/&gt; &lt;br/&gt; For more information, details are available in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.3\&quot;&gt;OAuth 2.0 RFC, section 4.1.3&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] 
**grant_type** | **string** | Desired grant type to use for token endpoint. &lt;br/&gt; Must be set to: - &lt;strong&gt;authorization_code&lt;/strong&gt; to exchange an authorization code against an access token   (details are available in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.3\&quot;&gt;OAuth 2.0 RFC, section 4.1.3&lt;/a&gt;), - &lt;strong&gt;refresh_token&lt;/strong&gt; to refresh an access token using the refresh token   (details are available in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-6\&quot;&gt;OAuth 2.0 RFC, section 6&lt;/a&gt;). | 
**redirect_uri** | **string** | The redirect_uri used to retrieve the authorization code sent by Rainbow authentication server from the GET /api/rainbow/authentication/v1.0/oauth/authorize endpoint. &lt;br/&gt; &lt;b&gt;Mandatory&lt;/b&gt; to exchange an authorization code against an access token. &lt;br/&gt; &lt;br/&gt; For more information, details are available in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.3\&quot;&gt;OAuth 2.0 RFC, section 4.1.3&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] 
**refresh_token** | **string** | The refresh token sent by Rainbow authentication server from the GET /api/rainbow/authentication/v1.0/oauth/authorize endpoint of from a previous refresh token performed using this POST /api/rainbow/authentication/v1.0/oauth/token endpoint. &lt;br/&gt; &lt;b&gt;Mandatory&lt;/b&gt; to refresh an access token. &lt;br/&gt; The provided refresh_token must not be expired. If the refresh token is expired, the application has to redo the whole OAuth authorization code flow. &lt;br/&gt; Note that once it has been used to refresh an access token, the refresh_token is revoked. The new refresh token returned in the response with the access token replaces the previous one. &lt;br/&gt; &lt;br/&gt; For more information, details are available in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-6\&quot;&gt;OAuth 2.0 RFC, section 6&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


